TO THE
Delaware Pilots.
WE took the Pleasure, some Days since, of kindly admonishing you to do your Duty; if per-
chance you should meet with the (Tea,) SHIP POLLY, CAPTAIN AYRES; a THREE DECKER
which is hourly expected.
We have now to add, that Matters ripen fast here; and that much is expected from those Lads who meet with
the Tea Ship.----There is some Talk of A HANDSOME REWARD FOR THE PILOT WHO GIVES THE FIRST GOOD
ACCOUNT OF HER.----How that may be, we cannot for certain determine; But ALL agree, that TAR and
FEATHERS will be his Portion, who pilots her into this Harbour. And we will answer for ourselves, that,
whoever is committed to us, as an Offender against the Rights of America, will experience the upmost Ex-
ertion of our Abilities; as
THE COMMITTEE FOR TARRING AND FEATHERING.
P.S. We expect you will furnish yourselves with Copies of the foregoing and following Letter;
which are printed for this Purpose, that the Pilot who meets with Captain Ayres may favor him with a Sight
of them.
Committee of Taring and Feathering.
TO
Capt. A Y R E S,
Of the SHIP P O L L Y, on a Voyage from London to Philadelphia.
S I R,
WE are informed that you have, imprudently, taken Charge of a Quantity of Tea; which has been sent
out by the India Company, under the Ausprices of the Ministry,as a Trial of American Virtue and Re-
solution.
Now, as your Cargo, on your Arrival here, will most affuredly bring you into hot water; and as you
are perhaps a Stranger to there Parts, we have concluped to advife you of the prelent Situation of Affairs in
Now, as your Cargo, on your Arrival here, will most assuredly bring you into hot water; and as you 
are perhaps a Stranger to these Parts, we have concluded to advise you of the present Situation of Affairs in 
Philadelphia---that, taking Time by the Forelock, you may stop short in your dangerous Errand---secure
your Ship against the Rafts of combustible Matter which may be set on Fire, and turned loose against her; 
and more than all this, that you may preserve your own Person, from the Pitch and Feathers that are pre-
pared for you.
In the first Place, we must tell you, that the Pennsylvanians are, to a Man, passionately fond of Freedom; 
the Birthright of Americans; and at all Events are determined to enjoy it.
That they sincerely believe, no Power on the Face of the Earth has a Right to tax them without their 
Consent.
That in their Opinion, the Tea in your Custody is designed by the Ministry to enforce such a Tax, 
which they will undoubtedly oppose; and in so doing, give you every possible Obstruction.
We are nominated to a very disagreeable, but necessary Service.----To our Care are committed all 
Offenders against the Rights of America; and hapless is he, whose evil Destiny has doomed him to suffer at 
our Hands.
You are sent out on a diabolical Service; and if you are so foolish and obstinate as to compleat your 
Voyage; by bringing your Ship to Anchor in this Port; you may run such a Gauntlet, as will induce you, 
in your last Moments, most heartily to curse those who have made you the Dupe of their Avarice and 
Ambition.
What think you Captain, of a Halter around your Neck----ten Gallons of liquid Tar decanted on your 
Pate----with the Feathers of a dozen wild Geefe laid over that to enliven your Appearance?
Only think seriously of this----and fly to the Place from whence you came----fly without Hesitation----
without the Formality of a Protest----and above all, Captain Ayres let us advise you to fly without the 
wild Geese Feathers.
Your Friends to serve
Philadelphia, Nov. 27, 1773 THE COMMITTEE as before subscribed